kb(Grid, TreeList, TreeView): Add KB for drag and drop between different parent components (#2566)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/grid-drag-drop-in-different-components.md

---
title: Drag and Drop Items between Grids in Different Components

> description: Learn how to drag and drop data items between Telerik Blazor Grids, TreeLists or TreeViews which are nested inside different parent components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to drag and drop data items between Telerik Blazor Grids, TreeLists, or TreeViews which are nested inside different parent components.
```

type: how-to
page_title: How to Drag and Drop Items between Grids in Different Parent Components
slug: grid-kb-drag-drop-in-different-components
tags: telerik, blazor, grid, treelist, treeview, drag and drop
ticketid: 
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Product</td>
            <td>
                Grid for Blazor, <br />
                TreeList for Blazor, <br />
                TreeView for Blazor
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Description

This KB shows how to implement drag and drop between two Telerik components, which are inside different parent Razor components.

## Solution

> There are at least two ways to approach drag and drop across different parent components:

Reviewer: [Avoid generic phrases](https://docs.telerik.com/style-guide/cheat-sheet#use-simple-language) like "there are".
```suggestion
You can approach drag and drop across different parent components in at least two ways:
```

> * Use parameters and `EventCallback`s to pass information between the two parent Razor components, which hold the Telerik components. This is a suitable approach if the two parent components are a siblings in their own parent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use parameters and `EventCallback`s to pass information between the two parent Razor components, which hold the Telerik components. This is a suitable approach if the two parent components are siblings in their parent.
```

* Use a state management service in your app, which will execute methods and fire events to the Razor components that hold the Telerik components. This is a suitable approach in all cases, but especially if the two parent components are further away in the app component hierarchy.

> The described algorithm and the example below are applicable for the [Grid]({%slug grid-drag-drop-overview%}), [TreeList]({%slug treelist-drag-drop-overview%}) and [TreeView]({%slug treeview-drag-drop-overview%}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The described algorithm and the example below are applicable for the [Grid]({%slug grid-drag-drop-overview%}), [TreeList]({%slug treelist-drag-drop-overview%}), and [TreeView]({%slug treeview-drag-drop-overview%}).
```
